[docs] Improve the column visibility section (#10327)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/column-visibility/column-visibility.md

To initialize the visible columns without controlling them, provide the model to the `initialState` prop.

:::info

> Passing the visible columns to the `initialState` prop will only impact when the Grid is rendered for the first time. In order to update the visible columns after the first render, you need to use the [`columnVisibilityModel`](#controlled-visible-columns) prop.

Reviewer: just a nitty wording comment:
```suggestion
Passing the visible columns to the `initialState` prop will only have an impact when the DataGrid is rendered for the first time. In order to update the visible columns after the first render, you need to use the [`columnVisibilityModel`](#controlled-visible-columns) prop.
```
